---
layout: container-breadcrumb
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

LKFT is Linaro’s Linux Kernel Functional Test framework.

The mission of LKFT is to perform functional regression testing on select Linux
kernel branches in real time (as they’re updated) and report any regressions as
quickly as possible. This is performed by executing a variety of
functional-tests on a selection of user-space operating systems.

The goals of LKFT are to shorten derivative Linux kernel release intervals,
increase the confidence of upstream Linux kernel engineers in the quality of
their releases, and increase the confidence of downstream adopters of those
Linux kernel trees. Ultimately the goal is that LKFT will encourage downstream
hardware vendors to more frequently update the Linux kernel that runs on their
devices in order that consumers might benefit from bug and security updates.

As part of Linaro’s mission to improve the Arm architecture eco-system, the
LKFT team reports discovered regressions to Linaro kernel developers, Linaro
members, and upstream Linux kernel engineers.

It is important to the Arm eco-system that Linaro also fix as many failures as
are found. The LKFT team invests time into identifying, reporting, and fixing
upstream kernel regressions, identifying kernel regressions in select
member-hardware SoC (system-on-a-chip) trees, fixing test-suites by
contributing to upstream testing projects, fixing kernel configurations,
improving full OS stack integration (firmware, kernel, userspace), and
improving Arm device automation integration.

LKFT is implemented by Linaro as a privilege provided to Linaro members. Many
of the LKFT results are openly available at the request of Linaro members who
would like to provide information to upstream Linux kernel engineers and
business partners in order to better inform their software update plans.

[linaro-organization]: https://linaro.org
